Full stack developer with more than 5 years experience building and writing DRY, testable and efficient code.
I have worked extensively in a distributed team driven projects and charged with the responsibility of driving the affairs of the team during different sprints.
I am passionate about new technologies, new ideas and new ways of thinking.
I find it rewarding to apply well known technologies and analytical methods from tech industries and develop them further to serve business all over the globe.
I have a lot of experience in Swift on Kotlin, React, React Native, Redux, Javascript, python, Git, NodeJS, Unity, Unreal, MVC Frameworks.

Specialities:

Building cool UI with React, React Native
Build cool UI with Figma and Invision.
Building backend APIs in Ruby on Rails with Test Driven Architecture in Mind
Building some websites with CodeIgniter, Laravel, WordPress, ...
Integrate Rails API with React, and React Native
Test Driven Development with clean code and best practices.
Build several game project with Unity & Unreal.
Suggesting best practices and focusing on the best learning experience and long-term achievements.
Provide technical Support and Mentorship.
Follow up on long term mentorship.


Hi, my name is Petri Sibelius, and I'm grateful for the opportunity to help you.
I love playing and working with technology, and I still remember with joy the day when I ran my very first Visual Studio, a lifetime ago.
I started with C++ in 2019, then moved on to HTML & CSS, SQL, C# .Net, PHP, MVC Frameworks(CodeIgniter, Laravel, WordPress ...), Javascript, Python, Unity, Unreal,  and others.
I haven't stopped yet for learning fashion technology.
Within Information Technology, I have done it all: from scientific programming to business systems; from operating systems (drivers and internals) to compilers development; from web sites and online applications to automated trading systems; from macro languages automation routines to neural networks and other machine learning algorithms; and many other things.
I love learning new paradigms, and I have a very broad range of interests.  Please, allow me to share it with you.
Some of my public most recent work can be seen at the following websites: www.solcentral.com.br, fws.fortuna.com.br, lyticaltechnology.com.
I'm looking forward to meeting you.


https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.viewlorium.android&hl=en
https://godarkapp.netlify.app/

Bikroy.com	Technology	Software	Dhaka	2012	E-commerce



Dear, Client.
I research your job description carefully.
I am very interested in your job post.
I think It is a good fit for me.
I like almost all of the FPS games.
I have a Unity game developer with more than 5 years of experience building and writing DRY, testable and efficient code.
Also, I have a Multiplayer games developer with Unity.
I have worked extensively in distributed team-driven projects and charged with the responsibility of driving the affairs of the team during different sprints.
I am passionate about new technologies, new ideas and new ways of thinking.
I have a lot of experience in Unity, Unreal, Swift on Kotlin, React, React Native, Redux, Javascript, Python, Git, NodeJS and MVC Frameworks.
I have confidence in your work.
If you hire me, I will contribute to your work and you know about my talent.

I put unity 2d game to reference for you.
I can't some unity3d game to keep the promise with company.
I hope you forgive me. 

Best Regards.